the target user are basically undergrads and self-learners who are interested in math and love solving problem. It would be more practice platform but more closer to wordle. I want there would be 2 different page, one for daily problems and one for users can freely discuss and solve interesting questions together.
It would be more focus on techniques. I want to discuss about the difficulty and question concepts with you. The answer would be free-response we need to think about how to correct the answer. I was thinking of using the mathematical calculator style input.
solving one problem would count as streak. but it might be too hard question for the user, i need to think more about it. Or also we can give 3 different level of difficulty. and give streak for every one of them and give additional EP or badges. Also leaderboard sould be given. streak reset at midnight local time. 
on week days, the difficulty is easier and on weekends it gives hard one as boss. it should be random for which format. and we should collect the data of each user and track the weak part of each user. important part is it should be easily palyable even without the account. but give advantage if they make one.
The answer checking will using both CAS and numeric checking. I don't want the questions to have very complicated answers. And it will only check the final answer. 
For the streak, it need to create account, but guests also can play. IF friend suggest and if they enter friend code on the sigh up, they will get extra XP. each account can be connected as friend and if your friend dont do it you can nudge.
I prefer to use React. it should be mobile firendly web app. Backend is psql and Python with firebase prefered

for the open questions. Daily problems will be basically I made them. Uswer can submit for the review and it can come up on the problem. problem topics need to be defined and for the comunity, there need to be the tags for the techniques. the difficulty is based on the length. there will be 2 easy 1 medium. and 1 boss on sat and sunday. lets do the global only and it shows weekly and monthly leaderboard.
